Publish 11/30 AM - edits for template variables GA (#10457)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/dashboard-template-variables.mdx

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Default values
      </td>

      <td>

>         Optional. These are the defaults value that the dashboard will filter on. For example, if you used the `country` query above, you could input `ES` as the default value and the dashboard would automatically filter to that value. You can also select all possibilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Optional. These are the defaults value that the dashboard will filter on. For example, if you used the `country` query above, you could input `ES` as the default value and the dashboard would automatically filter to that value. You can also select all possibilities.
```

        
        To use multiple values on a `WHERE` clause you need to use [`IN`](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-syntax-clauses-functions/#sel-where) instead of `=`.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Multi-select
      </td>

      <td>

>         Optional. This options allows a dropdown to allow multiple selections instead of a single selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Optional. This option allows a dropdown to allow multiple selections instead of a single selection.
```

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Output format
      </td>

      <td>

>         This lets you change how the data generated by the variable is handled. By default, we attempt to automatically figure out what the value will be. But you can change this to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This lets you change how the data generated by the variable is handled. By default, we attempt to automatically figure out what the value will be. But you can change this to a specific:
```

</Callout>

Here are some rules and guidance on creating a query-type variable: 

> * Queries must use the `uniques` syntax. Uniques return up to 10,000 results. Check the [`uniques` syntax](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-syntax-clauses-functions/#func-uniques). Here's an example of using it: `From PageAction select uniques(countryCode)`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Queries must use the `uniques` syntax. Uniques return up to 10,000 results. Check the [`uniques` syntax](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-syntax-clauses-functions/#func-uniques). Here's a query example: `From PageAction select uniques(countryCode)`.  
```
